> "Strange"

  thought the creature as it stared into the bright sunny day, the sun's rays
raining down onto the burning hot lake of solid asphalt. The carcass of a lizard
lay on a thick white line extending across its vision from one periphery to
another. Roasting slowly under and over the relentless heat. The creature
blinked once, the world swaying and shimmering as it did so.

A short distance away two other creatures stood hunched over the solid black
lake, jumping about with great excitement as their mechanical extensions
screamed loudly. The creature was not sure what it was they were doing but it
certainly seemed like the tremors in the ground were coming from the two
buffoons. A titan of metal roared by as the earth shuddered and the gravel
shivered, its cry a harsh shriek against the pleasant warm sky. The creature lay
unmoving as its perch swayed to and fro.

A gush of fresh air engulfed the creature, the leaves rustling in response to
the fresh intrusion. It lay still as it had been doing for the past few hours,
allowing the breeze to cool its back. "How refreshing", it thought as it looked
down at the drying carcass. The poor fellow had not realised its inevitable
destiny as it wiggled across the dark expanse, oblivious to the hot plate it was
crawling on. The creature shook its head.

It was always so. The circle of life would come around to take the weak, the
meek, and foolish. Day after day it lay on its perch watching the world change
beneath and over it. Some creatures crawled around aimlessly while others
repeated their rituals on the deep dark lake, squeaking and rattling in glee.
Those adept at survival knew how to deal with the elements, the changing winds
and embrace the warm light of the sun, provider of the world. If there was a
deity it would be the sun. The creature was sure of it. The round yellow orb
pulsed slowly, never changing, never faltering. Seeing all, knowing all, judging
all. It understood all beings under its arms and embraced them equally,
radiating brightly and beautifully as it did so.

The creature let out a yawn, stretched, then lay down on its belly. It was a
nice warm day and the summer had been good this year. Nature was bountiful, the
rain clouds oft came by to drench the earth with life-sustaining water, and the
predators were at an all-time low. Life was good.

The lizard lay roasting, slowly.
